### SliceTimeCam - Terms & Conditions

**Terms & Conditions**

By downloading or using the app, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the app. 

Koyo Arai is committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the app or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason.

The app does use third party services that declare their own Terms and Conditions.

Link to Terms and Conditions of third party service providers used by the app

*   [Google Play Services](https://policies.google.com/terms)
*   [Unity](https://unity3d.com/legal/terms-of-service)

You should be aware that there are certain things that Koyo Arai will not take responsibility for. Certain functions of the app will require the app to have an active internet connection. The connection can be Wi-Fi, or provided by your mobile network provider, but Koyo Arai cannot take responsibility for the app not working at full functionality if you don’t have access to Wi-Fi, and you don’t have any of your data allowance left.

Along the same lines, Koyo Arai cannot always take responsibility for the way you use the app.

At some point, we may wish to update the app. The requirements for system(and for any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the app to) may change, and you’ll need to download the updates if you want to keep using the app. Koyo Arai does not promise that it will always update the app so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the OS version that you have installed on your device. However, you promise to always accept updates to the application when offered to you, We may also wish to stop providing the app, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the app, and (if needed) delete it from your device.

**Non-warranty**

the company does not warrant, expressly or impliedly, that the service will be free from defects (including, but not limited to, defects in security, errors or bugs, or infringement of rights), nor does the company warrant the safety, reliability, accuracy, completeness, effectiveness or fitness for a particular purpose of the service. The Company does not warrant, expressly or impliedly, that the Service is free from defects (including, but not limited to, defects in security, errors or bugs, or infringement of rights), nor does it warrant the security, reliability, accuracy, completeness, effectiveness, or fitness for a particular purpose of the Service. the company is under no obligation to provide the service to you free of such defects.

**Service Usage Fees**

The amount, due date, and method of payment of Service Usage Fees shall be as separately presented by Service Provider on the Service Provider page.

**Prohibited Matters**
Users shall not engage in any of the following acts when using this service.

- Acts that violate laws and regulations or public order and morals
- Acts that infringe on copyrights, trademarks, or other intellectual property rights contained in this service, including its contents.
- Acts that may interfere with the operation of this service.
- Actions that cause disadvantage, damage, or discomfort to third parties on this service.
- Directly or indirectly providing benefits to antisocial forces in relation to this service.
- Other acts that the service provider deems inappropriate.

**Changes to This Terms and Conditions**

I may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page.

These terms and conditions are effective as of 2021-09-09

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact me at koyoarai512@gmail.com.

This Terms and Conditions page was generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)

---

Developer : [KoyoArai](https://twitter.com/koyoarai_)